Jenkins Governance Board update announcement (#4190)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/authors/ewelinawilkosz.adoc

---
name: "Ewelina Wilkosz"
github: "ewelinawilkosz"
twitter: "WilkoszEwelina"
---

Jenkins Contributor since 2017, when she got involved in Jenkins Configuration as Code Plugin development.
Voted Most Valuable Contributor in 2018.

> She has 14 years of experience in IT, working as a CI/CD consultant since the beginning of 2017.

Reviewer: let's include my employer's name if possible
```suggestion
She has 14 years of experience in IT, currently working as a CI/CD consultant at Eficode.
```

> In that role she’s trying to solve numerous issues Jenkins issues are facing daily - as  users, administrators, maintainers. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like
```suggestion
In that role she’s trying to solve numerous issues Jenkins community is facing daily - as  users, administrators, maintainers. 
```
(same in the article)

Reviewer: or like below? I'll be ok with any of those two
```suggestion
In that role she’s trying to solve numerous issues Jenkins users are facing daily - as developers, administrators, maintainers.
```
